You dare to touch the fiancee of the Lord of God
Because you are the true God
What are you guys so excited about?
I didn't do anything.
He is the fiancee of the Lord God
You think I'm crazy?
That's fine. Are you jealous?
You are talking nonsense
Let's get down to business first
Who are you?
Zhou Xiang, your real identity is
I sell skewers, you're talking nonsense
How is that possible?
In just three days, I learned the unique martial arts of our Lord God
You can also control Jinghong Sword
Yes, in this world, except for God
No second person can do it
Then it seems that I am the second dream
Okay, okay.
Stop making trouble, I apologize
Dare to offend the left and right guardians of the temple
You are courting death, Lord Black Earth, Lord Ninth Brother
Hot spring adult
The flying general will give gifts to the adults.
Please Lord God relatives
This time, the flying general is coming
Not just confirm
Your identity as a god is so simple
You go down
God main battle suit
That's not possible.
The Lord God was wearing his battlefield clothes back then
It seems that the Lord God is not missing
It's dead, you're talking nonsense